hey see hi I'm Steve Carell Steve I mean
not now about to tell the people about
our new movie but I'll be your best
friend please okay here we go go I'm
here to talk about DreamWorks
Animation's new movie called over the
hedge
we have scenes to share with you various
stages of animation over the hedge it's
about a bunch of woodland creatures who
wake up from five months of winter
hibernation to discover a giant hedge
running right through the middle of
their forest no and on the other side of
it 100 brand new homes now they totally
freaked out worrying about how they'll
survive when long comes argent now RJ is
this super cool raccoon and he's played
by none other than the big action star
Bruce Willis yeah yeah I know Bruce has
been in the studio all week Cordes very
funny lines that uh well why don't I let
him play Bruce bet you're really excited
hey I'm excited I'm very excited okay my
voice is coming out of a furry
computer-generated raccoon you my friend
are a natural so here's how this whole
thing works I say a funny line in here
like this doesn't you what we're going
for here is a vicious
in school and the directors take there
was the sketch artist and then they take
you to the animation wizards and it
comes out just like this one for you is
a vicious man-eating rabbits crew and
handle that pretty cool right
it's pretty awesome it was dr. Bruce
Willis Wow okay then there's Ferb we
want nothing to do with anything it's
over that head voiced by Garry Shandling
Burns the leader all the animism for us
now everyone likes fur but it's little
cautious little slow so everyone's just
starting to adjust to life in the
suburbs when suddenly RJ gets his big
idea
RJ sees a treasure goodies to be had
from his unsuspecting new neighbors and
convinces his reluctant pals to join him
on his mission clearly the guy has seen
too many spy movies lucky for him he's
got a lot of animal friends in this
movie like Stella the skunk played by
the always funny
wanda sykes sneak up on me like that
burn this and Ozzy the opossum like by
William Shatner I play n must move
toward the Lord and there's a Ozzy's
teenage daughter played by Avril Lavigne
Patty and Lou are played by the
wonderful funny Eugene Levy and
Catherine O'Hara they have their hands
full with porcupine triplets j-pop there
and the irrepressible squirrel hammy is
played by none other than
I am adorable
well that's all we're gonna tell you
right now cuz we're saving up a whole
bunch of surprises
oh so from the whole gang excuse me
and hammy we'll see you over the hedge
right anything else from your man oh I
can burn my ABCs well like I was saying
for me and hammy and all the other guys
we'll see you over the edge over the
hedge it may be your backyard but it's
their work
in 2000 they answer the question what do
chickens do when no one is watching
now the creators of chicken run are back
with the pair that started it off
Wallace and Gromit need assistance once
an adventurer just a bit of homeless
brain operation that's all who never
says die the other is his dog who never
says anything
they make gadgets they dig contraptions
they make a movie from DreamWorks and
Armand studios get ready for action
suspense
oh come on hurry
Time magazine raids is the planner for
his movie in dog years one end the curse
of the were-rabbit